added release notes up to 10.15.327.0 (#83)
SoftwareAG/c8y-releasenotes: content/release-10-16-0/devices-10-16-0-bundle/10-16-0-0.md

DM-1541</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Device Management</td>

> <td>When removing a device which has child devices, users can now choose either to remove a device user or to remove all child devices. Prior to this change, it was possible to choose both options in the UI, but such an action is not supported by the backend.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>When removing a device with child devices, users can now choose either to remove a device user or to remove all child devices. Prior to this change, it was possible to choose both options in the UI, but such an action is not supported by the backend.</td>
```
